README.md, before:

# Simo Package

A multifunctional package that avoid importing too many packages.




You can install this package by running: ``npm install simo-package@latest``

----------------

## Stats

![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/simo-package) 
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/sonosimooo/simo-package) 
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/d18m/simo-package) 

----------------

## Functions

log -> Print a message in the console

calc -> Perform mathematical operations between two or more numbers 

random -> Chooses a random number between two numbers

date -> Get the current date 

hour -> Get the exact time 

addfile -> Create a file directly from your workspace

removefile -> Delete a file directly from your workspace

renamefile -> Rename a specific file directly from your workspace

communicatewitharduino -> Communicate with your inventions in Arduino through our package! 

load -> Load a specific template created by yourself

ping -> Get a host latency directly from your workspace

-------------------------

## Advancements

8/04/2024 => 1k Downloads

Commit message:

HOW TO SETUP YOUR WORKSPACE

README.md, after:

# Simo Package

A multifunctional package that avoid importing too many packages.




You can install this package by running: ``npm install simo-package@latest``

----------------

## Stats

![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/simo-package) 
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/sonosimooo/simo-package) 
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/d18m/simo-package) 

----------------

## How to setup a Workspace 

### Requirements:

![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)  or   ![Sublime Text](https://img.shields.io/badge/sublime_text-%23575757.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=sublime-text&logoColor=important)

![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)  LATEST

If you Use VSCODE you can open a terminal from your IDE, but if you use Sublime Text you have to open a terminal autonomously. 
Then after doing this you have found the directory of the folder run ''npm i simo-package@latest'' and the create a JS file and start developing! 

----------------

## Functions

log -> Print a message in the console

calc -> Perform mathematical operations between two or more numbers 

random -> Chooses a random number between two numbers

date -> Get the current date 

hour -> Get the exact time 

addfile -> Create a file directly from your workspace

removefile -> Delete a file directly from your workspace

renamefile -> Rename a specific file directly from your workspace

communicatewitharduino -> Communicate with your inventions in Arduino through our package! 

load -> Load a specific template created by yourself

ping -> Get a host latency directly from your workspace

-------------------------

## Advancements

8/04/2024 => 1k Downloads
